Doc/#1166 updated new AWS S3 Object capabilities (#1179)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/userman/scenario_features/data-integration/data-node-config.md

- _**aws_region**_ represents the geographic area where the AWS infrastructure is located.
- _**aws_s3_bucket_name**_ represents the name of the AWS S3 bucket.
- _**aws_s3_object_key**_ represents the name of the object (file) that needs to be read or written.

> - _**aws_s3_client_parameters**_ represents additional parameters for configuring the boto3 client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _**aws_s3_client_parameters**_ represents additional parameters for advanced use cases to be passed to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) S3 client. Each parameter key must match the name of a parameter of the [`boto3.session.Session.client` API](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/core/session.html#boto3.session.Session.client).
```

To match the docstring of the method, and add a link to the `boto3.session.Session.client` API for easy reference

> - _**aws_s3_get_object_parameters**_ represents additional parameters to be passed for advanced read operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _**aws_s3_get_object_parameters**_ represents additional parameters to be passed to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) S3 client get function for advanced reading use cases. Each parameter key must match the name of a parameter of the [`boto3.client.get_object` API](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3/client/get_object.html).
```

To match the docstring of the method, and add a link to the `boto3.client.get_object` API for easy reference

> - _**aws_s3_put_object_parameters**_ represents additional parameters to be passed for advanced write operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _**aws_s3_put_object_parameters**_ represents additional parameters to be passed to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) S3 client put function for advanced writing use cases. Each parameter key must match the name of a parameter of the [`boto3.client.put_object` API](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3/client/put_object.html).
```

To match the docstring of the method, and add a link to the `boto3.client.put_object` API for easy reference

In this example, we configure an *s3_object* data node with the id "my_s3_object":

- Its scope is the default value `SCENARIO`.
- The object_key name is "taipy_object".

> - An additional argument is passed for configuring both the boto3 client and for setting cache control during object operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An additional argument is passed for configuring the AWS S3 client and setting cache control during object operations.
```

We probably should not mention the `boto3` library here since it's implementation specification.

> - _**aws_s3_put_object_parameters**_ represents additional parameters to be passed to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) S3 client put function for advanced writing use cases. Each parameter key must match the name of a parameter of the [`boto3.client.put_object` API](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3/client/put_object.html).

Reviewer 2: Please break lines after 100 chars maximum, as much as possible.

```suggestion
- _**aws_s3_client_parameters**_ represents additional parameters for advanced use cases to be
passed to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) S3 client. Each parameter key must match the name of a
parameter of the
[`boto3.session.Session.client` API](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/core/session.html#boto3.session.Session.client).
- _**aws_s3_get_object_parameters**_ represents additional parameters to be passed to the Amazon
Web Services (AWS) S3 client get function for advanced reading use cases. Each parameter key
must match the name of a parameter of the
[`boto3.client.get_object` API](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3/client/get_object.html).
- _**aws_s3_put_object_parameters**_ represents additional parameters to be passed to the Amazon
Web Services (AWS) S3 client put function for advanced writing use cases. Each parameter key
must match the name of a parameter of the
[`boto3.client.put_object` API](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/s3/client/put_object.html).
```

> - An additional argument is passed for configuring the AWS S3 client and setting cache control during object operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An additional argument is passed for configuring the AWS S3 client and setting cache control
    during object operations.
```
